Update cluster.rst (#3953)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/upgrade.rst

After the server is upgraded, users might need to refresh their browsers to experience any new features.

.. note::

>   We only support a one version difference between the server versions when performing a rolling upgrade. Running two different versions of Mattermost in your cluster should not be done outside of an upgrade scenario. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We only support a one minor version difference between the server versions when performing a rolling upgrade. Running two different versions of Mattermost in your cluster should not be done outside of an upgrade scenario. 

```

Maybe this needs to have an example too: e.g.
* 5.27.1 + 5.27.2 is good
* 5.26.4 + 5.27.1 is good
* 5.25.5 + 5.27.0 is bad

After the server is upgraded, users might need to refresh their browsers to experience any new features.

.. note::

>   We only support a one minor version difference between the server versions when performing a rolling upgrade (for example v5.27.1 + v5.27.2 or v5.26.4 + v5.27.1 is supported, where as v5.25.5 + v5.27.0 is not supported). Running two different versions of Mattermost in your cluster should not be done outside of an upgrade scenario. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  We only support a one minor version difference between the server versions when performing a rolling upgrade (for example v5.27.1 + v5.27.2 or v5.26.4 + v5.27.1 is supported, whereas v5.25.5 + v5.27.0 is not supported). Running two different versions of Mattermost in your cluster should not be done outside of an upgrade scenario.

```
